hello everyone so today I am going to be
showing you how I achieved this
hairstyle it has been highly requested
but I assure you it really is super easy
and there really is no technique to it
so first off I am just going to section
off my hair as most people do when they
curl their hair and I'm just going to
section it into two parts top and bottom
usually I know some people use hair
clips I just use a hair tie because I
had one in front of me then i turn on my
in rapture and co totem styler and set
it to medium heat and then I'm just
going to slip on my heat protectant
Rilla heat protective gloves and I'm
going to just take random strands of
hair about half an inch of hair and then
I'm just going to take my curling iron
put it behind me and then just curl away
from my face and really there is no
technique to it like I said before you
can curl away from your face you can
curl two strands away from your phase
two strands towards your face it really
doesn't matter as long as you alternate
from time to time because if you have
them all in this in the same direction
then the waves would look really neat
and for this look we want really messy
wait so you can see I'm just grabbing
really random strands of hair and
curling them in different directions and
the reason I don't use a clamp is
because using a clamp gives you really
nice bouncy curls instead of waves and
actually curling it around the curling
iron I find that it gives you nicer kind
of Messier waves instead of really neat
curls so that's why I don't use the clam
I just leave my hair on the curling iron
for about three to five seconds it
really doesn't take that long and then I
just release and you can see that I've
got these really nice waves
so now that the bottom section is done
i'm just going to move it backwards
behind my shoulders and then i'm going
to take my hair down from my top section
and just start curling again for my top
section there are just a couple of
strands of hair which i did use the
clamp to curl it just to get a little
bit more volume but the rest of the hair
I just wrap around the curling iron
instead of using the clamp and
especially the front section it's really
important to curl away from your face
because it frames the face nicer
so really curling the top section is the
same as the bottom section just wrap
your hair around the curling iron away
from her face from time to time and
towards your face from time to time and
of course don't forget about the back of
the head so now that the site is done
I'm going to move on to the other side
and then once that is all done I'm just
going to take random sections of hair on
the top of my head near the roots and
I'm just going to curl them randomly
just to get a bit more volume on the top
you
you know you've got enough waves in your
hair when this happens so now that the
curling is all done I'm just going to
use my hands to just go through my hair
and kind of style at how I want it I'm
then just going to set it with some
hairspray
and because I wanted a bit more texture
on the roots of my head I'm just
spraying my Charles Worthington
texturizing spray on the roots then I'm
just massaging it all in and you will
see that I get a bit more volume on the
roots of my head
the next part is optional but I didn't
want that much volume on the ends of my
hair so I'm just taking my tangle teezer
and just gently brushing through the
ends so it's a bit more straight and a
bit more sleep and that is the hair
tutorial done I hope you guys enjoyed
this and found it helpful I really love
styling my short hair because it's just
super easy and takes no time at all so I
hope you guys have this video helpful
and if you enjoyed it do give it a
thumbs up if you would like me to do
more hairstyles or hair styling
tutorials for short hair then let me
know in the comments yeah what else do I
want to say I don't know thanks so much
for watching guys and I'll see you in
the next video bye
you